what the nation - unis 's programe for this week .
you sent too many messages to me . thanks alot . send other people too
good evening ! i am trained in agronomy and i would like to work in that field . thanks
thank you for the good work you 're doing , it 's you who keep us informed of everything
i would like you to tell them for that i need to work as a driver .
beginnings are always difficles it 's a constantpractice that can happen to facilitate a stain . but the ease is the work of the will .
i want to participate in the relieve program 4636 .
i want everyone to know that the cards to get food , they change them every day .
this message is not important to translate cause is not clear
i 'm a computer technician , for example i fix laptops well . i 'd like an enterprise to hire me please
the person would like a mode of transportation
where are the dollars to buy and sell , please . thank you .
it 's always that way , it 's what keeps us in misery . the people who govern because they 've got one thing in their heads , that 's their own pockets and ..
i 'm a student in my 2nd year of accounting . can i find a job to continue studying , or maybe a scholarship ?
i would like in anyway possible for the responsible authorities to reinstate the school again in haiti . and to ask for scholarship , i would also like a scholarship . thank you .
invective .. useless just discard
how you can help me to have a house ?
notes : this message is not important , i have already translated .
what must i do to find a job ?
i would like information for digicell to make it functional
what kind of information can we find for this season ?
may god bless you all for your help
i do n't need to know the price of food because i do n't have money . i just need to eat .
i want to enroll in this service . my phone is ..
i want to have the up dated info
one can not learn how to become a stylist in haiti , it 's too bad . but i want to make my dreams come true , i am a big dreamer , i feel very lonely my days and
i am anxious to thank you for the fact that you kept your promise , thank you for the minutes that you gave me .
i belong to basti hamed pur tehsil and district rahim yar khan punjab pakistan i am private matric student i am in gulberg 3 lahore
i would like to know what happening to my country
please , write in french the proverbs . god bless
be a pillar on which those hardships have the right to file their burden
sender asking why s / he never receives response to smss
it would be better for me if you would call me
is it true we can get a reply in the weekend ?
my question is if a person was deported and they do nt ' wait 5 years to return , is it possible to go back to the usa ?
notes : this message is not too important for my work .
help me has to let the message pass while inviting all the others has to come towards jesus and receive the benediction , the peace , the happiness , and life eternel
notes : this message is a text missing .
what do you think of ideas about manufacturing passports ?
.. with the provinces . they neglect the capital
cannnot reach anyone in phone books .please do this for me for the love of god
we are a group contractors agricultural based has mirebalais , we would like to find financial means because we can only work .
notes : it 's not important to translate
i would like to get some information please
does the school should parents pay three month , at what month the test will be .
do you think that a person with an exipred visa can still go to santo domingo ?
my friend , here some advices of resproci that is rassemblement des etudiants solidaristes pour la protection citoyenne divide whith you in order to have a good life .
hi!i ask to leader or sponsor international for to take private enterprise in serious . rather , it 's an private enterprise mafia .
i want to be enrolled in this program
how can the government deliver a birth certificate ?
where i can go if i need to make a passport
notes : when is there going to be any flight from miami to haiti
i would like to get a job in any organization
big up louco how you feel i 'm healthy , it 's just a divin grace
how the temperature this morning ?
i am a journalist . how can i get a job ?
i give us a lot of thank for these good informations , do not slovenly , do not discourage . i share them thank you , good afternoon . may god bless us .
i heard on the news that school will open on feb. 2nd , is it true ?
me and my family , we do not have aids , we are fine .
i need a job , send me reply , please ! ok
are the white people taken over haiti with 4636 ? would you like the whites take over haiti . please answer .
the message is not important to translate
good evening i 'm writing just to have some information on how we can get to senegal
i would like to know what the price is for dominican visa , and where i can get it quickly !
i want a job . where are the jobs ?
i 'd like to sign up under the program .
for what sickness we can use this medicine ( r # )
notes : this sms is not important message .
what advice that the ong give to the people who are shrunk and who cough ?
can you give me a scolarship in the field of the communication ?
needed information about the reopening class .
we have a commitee from santo 15 nameajeans : youth association in action for a new society that was founded in september 2009 , the president is ..
i need a card for my cell phone cause i want to call my uncle at republique dominicaine ( santo domingo ) adresse : delmas 31 thanks
i want to cry , every time i want to have a heard attack . love when you want to hate . your victory is sure . share this info to all who are traumatized .
for what in the ngo are himself of the bandits who are always has the head of list and even the committees . it is not good
please help me to find a job . i 'm student managment .
notes : this message is personal .
where is the unitransfert that is open in jacmel so that i could go pick up my transfer thank you
i had a sim card which was lost 6months ago can i come look for it
mistake your efforts , firm even when you hold dealt with imilliation , hold firm even when circulates the fear with deepest of your heart , even hold firm
i would like to know where to find a hospital
tell him i ask job because i do n't find anything to do
good morning . this is an animator of caraibes radio . i would like to pass on some news .
i want information about my country .
if i would like to make a passport where must i go and with wich document to present me ?
where the women will be able to participate in this reamenagement they talking about .
what is the government intend to do for the people who lost their passport and id cards
always commune gressier section 24th note : incomplete . .. ask for details . .. on help . ..
i want to know more about what the organization are doing .
i 'm a second year student in economics at normal fia . i need a job . thanks .
help in house contract- in babies r suf ering pneumonia and other deseases
i would like to find a job or continu whit my school
the housing center of fontamara 27 to bas castera is waiting your visit . very urgent . in fact , we are all lost .
i need to go to jacmel . where do i go to find transportation ?
my soul cry for you lord , my soul cry for that i liberate any problem , my soul cry for itself liberate
like people walking next to land that we see in it ?
i want to subscribe in the 4636 program .
i would love to find a acellphone card i do n't know where they 're giving them out
i would like to know more information
grand mother does n't take the medecine drugs .
toothache , ciamoon orange and fine salt can help
what can i do to throw away garbage ?
god evening . i am asking an advice . i need to know how to find a visa my mother had applied for for me
hello , i would like to register me in the service information thank you .
i do n't understand what the message is saying . please tell me what it says . thank you
i great you for the good job you do for haiti , please what month the examn bacc 1,2,ninth and sixth year will do in the country . franswa ricardo
your voice is sweet like a morning kiss .
how we can help me find a job ?
i 'm a mecanic i worked since 7 to 8 years and i have licence type b i think we can considerate my case . may god bless you , thanks .
in what field would you need me to speak creole . french , half english , ( mw ? )
what are the latest news about haiti ?
please , i waiting your answer . thanks
we are telling you to day the sms services 4636 for urgent information .
i would like to have the last message from 4636 .
reactions . -3-contractille it is the property that possessed the muscles under the effect of one excitation contract themselves . - one distinguishes 2 sorts of contractions . -1 -
notes : this person is wrong number .
plaese what time the sonar pass in the cap
the minister of education will open the schools next april , i think is very an good idea of it because if it remains to close the children will be victim twice
hi , i know teaching children kindergarten give me a job please .
i would love to know what you 're going to do with the permanent students ?
i would like to have all informations for today
what do you think about the opening of the school .
when the immigration office will open in order for people to go to do the pass - port ?
i would like to know when school will be reopened in p - au - p ?
i need to get to cap haitien , can i go ?
today i feel happy since i heard this message on the voice ( radio , phone ? ) .
and for identify national card .
look at under this 1 over the top of this 7.i send it back to you tomorrow morning . do n't cry
how much costs a deal to enable changing cell sim for my phone ?
i great you , when the american army help the government haitian to demolish nova scotia 's hotel?(that the all people would like to know what the government american do ?
zachari7:1 - 14 , zahari8:9 - 13 , 2 rois13:14 . subject turn one 's back to the sin and god will bless you .
those people must have heard a radio / text message or something and the want to know what they go for to the transfor house , what they 'll need to take to justify their identity and where exactly in nazon
i 'm greet you , we do a good job , i 'm a student in communication . where i can to take somebody for to work ?
i need some council about united nations .
information about something i must to know .
notes : this message has written in spanish .
where is the senegal region in haiti located ?
what they plan for this country ?
festival greetings to allah team and family from kotly sattian raffana mubeen
notes : personal opinion . not an emergency .
i miss you i ca n't see you , you do n't miss me .
i need to get more information please !
my lover , are you of this opinion ? when i m very close of a person , i want to make him please all the time , and i want anything to do that can make him crumple .
the address is new life bo kay in st fille
i whould participate in the service
i would like a job with an ngo
i would we know if they call us . we sent our resumes on www.job.com ?
notes : do not care about this message . it 's a joke .
notes : itis not important to translate it
where can i go to find scholarship .
number 2 , please ! my wife is pregnant and about to deliver i 'm counting on you thank you .
ong say : if you need work what you can do
i 'd like to know an email to find a job
hello , is it true 2012 is the end of the world
give a bit of information about the school year
good morning please i would like to participate in the 4636 service
what can we do for enrollment of children ? . especially for parents who lack the economic means . i am one of those parents .
good morning my dear we have many problems , why in my area we do n't taste anything on route las cahobas chambrun .
what number i have to dail if i want to know the number that 's out in the lottery
thank you for the message i believe you are thinking of me and i am praying for you .
borther sister , niece and nephew courage in this time . hang in there do nt give up
my friend i would like you confirm me this information plaese , it 's true 20 haitians make an helicopter ?
i would like to know whether students will be able to find jobs too , or is it only people who have a profession that will find work ?
i have problems to sleep and eat
and for people with expired passports , how do they start the process ?
bb , write me a message tell me where are you i coming to see , even a tel .. number you land to write me .
i need someone who can give me some advice .
what can a person do in order to find work
i need to know when preval will give one 's resignation .
is it true that the brezil 's president said that he would build 150,000 houses in haiti ?
can i know the visit dates of the senegalese and french presidents ?
say to the united nations for me , i need a job .
notes : the message it 's not an emergency and i already translate this message .
in the pyron area ( petionville - tomasin )
if one of you do n't have one talent between the 21 talent , you 're not conforme to a christian!eph 4:10 - 13 , roman 12:6 - 8 . n b : jacq4:17 .
i do n't find the message because the number did n't appear
would like more information about the event taking place this friday
notes : this message is not important , because this person want to play
where can go for make the passeport in this moment
i am a 4th year agriculture student . i live at lalue 233
how i can make to go to senegal ?
that is i must make for go to the senegale by what i can not live here . makes me known
m.t.p.t.c do n't mark the house at turjo and canada .
we say many thanks . .. we hope this wo nt ? ? ?
i 'd like to know why they do nt wanna pay teachers in 3rd cycle who have been working since 3 years
i need a tente //    / / // @ @    @ to sleep happy .. i sleep too much in the well stars
you did n't give me a contract . where can i come sign one ?
i do n't understand the message from 9876
i need more informations about what you said , i do n't really understand it . be more explicit .
what should i do to get a job from you guys ?
a gentle tongue can break bones .
what should we do when people are talking back to us , thank you .
notes : asking about public universities opening
please i would like to know some informations ( news ) about the country
thank you for the sms please give me on card
notes : i will not translate football results
notes : this message is n't important .
explain me wich that the enter service
i see , you do n't send me messages
debit is the quantity of liquid flowed during 1h 1mn 1s
give me information please . .. note : call to find out what he / she wants . ..
good morning what information they have for today please
we ca n't prevent ( fight / deter ) the mosquitos , ? ? ? because there are so many
to you : grace , peace , love , faith , fidelity and forgiveness . like this balance for living life 100 eternally , .good night
i would like to know when they will do the permanent bacc .
where we located , we do n't get anything like that . it 's the jpp ( jeunesse pouvoir populaire / political affiliation ) that we take around here . ..
i would like to receive disclosed information .
what we must to do for stoping the stress
is there a fair in the department of south - east ?
call me please cause i do n't have card .
i never find answers to the questions i asked
what will you for the university site which is located in cap haitian .
sports information . football .
notes : how can you have school without a room ?
i need to know what s happening
good morning 4636.i want to record in that service . thank 's
on what working area the translators should have a post .
we need job whatever ' ' ong '' because we do n't find help on the road ' ' frere''(petion - ville )
can ( you ) fin the european math championship and date
i 'd like to write down in the newspaper .
please reply to me because i do n't know what to do . i 'm loosing my mind
my friends will you leave me stave , i am on the route delmas .
i don't understand what for the old people , it 's not said in this sms .
statement of qualification . certified in social science , student in science
i would like to consult a psychologist please .
i would like to have all the infos about works , employment , health and other activities thanks
please what is the new message ?
radio , we are actually counting on your help , thank you
hello , i am living in innovasion street , i hear pub daily about 4636,i wrote but i did n't receive any thing from any boby . now , i want to know , why do you try to foul people with this 4636 ?
hi digicel please . since this morning . i ca n't make call on my cell phone . it 's sound busyplease try to fix the problem for me
i live in carrefour . will i have the opportunity to go to school this year ?
i will come to pick you up at 11 o'clock . i am all yours my darling .
hello , when will american airline reopen commercial flights ?
i am in the department ( sid zon banbou ) . ( something ) is killing me , please tell someone . it is . ..
are there going to be any flights that come in from martinique , please ? or are there going to be any flights that are going to martinique ?
what are the political parties and types of artistes that have perished due to this event ?
people would like to know how to get a passport these days ?
i have urine problem and they do n't tell what to do . help to have a urine test done please .
the purpose of life is to be happy but we are living the moments the most difficult and in times of distress . life is bitter but it must always keep hope that god will change the distress and better days arrive . i want you .
notes : this message is already translate .
could you please give me a job ? because i 'm in the misery .
please i need a job because i do n't make anything .
the national archive is it functional ?
i can't get through any other phones but digicel
unitet state , why you do n't send me the messages ?
and i am counting on your comprehesion . .. . thanks and have a good day .
there is none like god then the truth the rest is appearence , hypocrisy and lie .
when the flight starting again to florida
i would like you to call me because i would like to talk to you .
sorry i missed your call , i am in a meeting .
do you think it 'll be exam bacc ?
i had surgery on tuesday at hospital general . i have to go back to remove .. i called the doctor but i can not find him . what should i do ?
when the decentralization will begin in the province cities ?
which is the number of the police force i need some informations on the candidates who do not have undergoes examen.me also i had registered it 2 years ago .
every day i us 55 gourdes for the sevice phone digicel and this company never say nothing and then i see this promotion
notes : it 's not important because it 's not corcerned my job
only the clothes on my back i ca n't find because i have not participated in anything
i would like information in immigration to senegal . thanks .
i am an industrial engineer i would want to participate in the resconstruction of my country in the security i have a plan security .
people who want to make cards cin can we do it in pap
how can someone go to the usa that has a brother who is a citizen ?
we congratulate radio signal fm for the good work
please , which cyber cafe is in service ? no other information noted within text .
when is american airlines resuming its flights
notes : this person is screw loose .
when do the procedures for the usa 's tourist visas are going to begin ?
i am asking how can we ask for medicine for my back
i 'm an economist . i would like to find work , please .
how is the question the univerties for year ?
i 'd like to know all news from haiti .
what can i do to find some water and food for a hostel / lodging .
for people from department northwest , where can they find the buses to take ?
i would like to know if immigration at started the procedures for the passport yet . thanks
is the aimmigration office functioning ?
hello , i would like to register for that organization .
please send me verification code
where someone can to ask a job , please ?
can i go do a general check up at general hospital . because the smell that coming out of me through my mouth is not good at all , my breath is stink .
i thought we said everything we had nothing to hide .
i need a bit of information please
digicel , please put some credit on our phones
where can i find someone selling cooked food ?
how many dollars the french willing to give haiti about debts of independence ?
information on viruses / bacteria and vaginal infections
please , i do n't understand the message .
their is someone that left their home and never remembered to call their family , they will never know what happen
notes : this is not important , it 's a person that jorking .
i would like to know in what number can i get in contact and unicef
muscular ion . 2 springiness or extensibility it is the property that the muscles of that possess to distort then in elongation to become again has his usual shape
world health organization says : clear water is n't necessarily treated water . boil the water before drinking it .
help those in need . if you want to write to our organization you can reach us at l : knrdaquin.yahoo.fr , and if you want to communicate with the members , you have our numbers .
i would like to know what i can do to go to senegal .
helo united nations send to me htg 500 please .
hi , where they are taking people for jobs . ?
hello , please send me 50 gourds , it is important .
i need a job , i 'm an accountant . i was working before january 12th . i 'm available
i need a card to call my family .
hello , i search jobs . whenever
notes : this message is not important my task .
graphic designer - it professional .
information about the national palace-
is it true there 's a university in the dominican republic that is taking haitian students ?
you know that the water turns to ice and flowers in fruit , even our friendship can turn into love . please , please give me a darling little place in your heart that i can live in . i love you and i worship you forever and ever . answer .
i have no card , tell me what kind of sms i need to send
how the weathe will be tomorrow february 28th ?
i'm trying to call people but it 's not going through
is haiti cherie , will be better or worse
good evening ! how many second the eathquake last on jan. 12 , 2010 ?
i need a job as driver where can i find it ?
i want to be resistred in this programm
i say hi , to all the ong which are in haiti . i 'm a capenter and a joiner , i do n't have access to the internet and i would like to find a job . what can i do for that ?
why the americain gives help and this is almost the person who have opportinities who find it
you suffer too much because of our friendship darling , you would not be suffering like this , because although you had said you love me after 5 or
we great united nations and the other ngo who are giving the service in the country haiti , make to know there are some associations are asking in the name of section community
that what a profesial must make to find an uses
signal fm i salut you for the serious work you do fot hte rest of people who are left alive , and the voice of the weak . i ask you the list of names .
i do n't hear about you , what 's happenning
thank 's for all the good advices . i wish a good day for all the customers . may god keep the life of each of you safe who 's helping his people .
i 'd like to know where to go so i can get in contact with members of the senate ?
i need information about the country . how are things today ?
question that i have is , i was in elementry school at saint jean bosco of saleziene , do will i have access to go to anorther school , this is the message i wanted to ask .
great , could i know some vacant posts in the businesses or other ?
i would like to be had your feet every seconds
say a word for the people of gressier section 24 ( ti bokan ) . pierre
is the reopening class for 5th of april
one of my kids is in an american school in p - au - p which has its annexe in florida . as it is extremely difficult to attend school now , is it possible to l
i am married and have 2 kids also . please issue me country card . in the records i am showing unmarried but i am married . please help .
it 's is still the organisation des fils de nippes pour le developpement ( ofbide ) . we have n't received a response to our request .
how will be the reopening classes and permanent bacc ?
i need a job i am a technician in installation and maintenance for generators , inverter
telenet internet cafe on plaisance 's old building space hello digicel communication
i would like to know where senegal embassy 's located . or who is the best person that can provide information about it .
my darling , since my arrive i start has to cry because i love you of much . please answer me darling i do n't feel so good i remember you when we were in the market .
what should a person do to participate at the 4636 program
i would like to know what to do to get a job , thanks
i would like to work , where can i do that
notes : i can not translate this message because he is not complete
in 1813 he wrote the girl ( comedie)en 1815 he wrote the death of the general la marre ( drama ) in 1815 it composed from the towards for engraved to the bottom of a bust of petion
notes : do not care of this message . it 's a joke .
life is not difficult for oneself , it 's us who give life sense
i i would like to find job in an ong , what i suppose to do ?
hello friend what 's happen i do n't hear anymore . thanks
department of grand anse we have alot of problems there are over 8000 .
teacher , i'll search for widekine to morrow morning .
how are you ? feeling better ? i have a very sore back also
thank you very much for the good messages .
message received . message received . message received .
a lot of expect identified the house in the metropolitan zone to see which one need repair or to break .
please i would like to know what does that mean the ong ? reply now please because i think you could take my care .
my calls cannot get through give me a chance
notes : this message is not important to translate
i need to know some informations about the country , for exemple : how will he stand ?
i was operated in my foot the same day , i cannot find this doctor to take off this thing from my foot
notes : it 's already translate .
but you did n't say if you slept with me
i 'm a professional and want to work as a computer scientist . i 'm looking for a job . thank you .
i would like to know some information on daily activity .
please , what can i do to get a food card or where can i go , thanks in advance
is it possible for that the ong in carfour(port - au - prince ) sell the gifts ?
notes : the message come in a languagge i do n't speak , and i ca n't understand ..
notes : this message it 's not our concern it 's sounds like bad .
why they do n't write good advice ?
what program you have for today ( dave )
it closes its eyes , and pray to the lord . you have to be convincing to be persuaded of gentlemen . thank you
notes : personal . not an emergency .
notes : this message is not complete . so i ca n't understand it .
what kind of info they have for professional students in damien ?
when there will be commercial flight
i received the message . thank you .
notes : this message is not important . it 's not necessary to translate it .
hello this is the housing comittee ( kosad ) in peguyville , . ..
buid our country on the christ cross . send this sms to twelve any persons . cause to day if we do n't die it 's he 's grace we must thank him for that .
who are the foreing ministery now.we needs to legalise a piece .
i see a circle around the sun can we give me a little explication ?
notes : personal concerns and offer of help to ditribute goods .
notes : it 's not important , it 's a person that jorking .
i would like to know the latest news .
what is the exchange rate between the gourdes and the dollars ?
i want to have all new info regarding employment
thank you for always keeping me inform
i need to know what 's going on
please help me find some information until i can sudscribe to this service so i can get some information .
he knows how we where build from the dust
no country will advance without education , and in the end closing a school is opening prison doors
please , can you make sure that i have left rue alix , because i do not remember . thank you . i 'm waiting for our response .
what number do i need to have ask for a job .
where would people have to go that have problems with their visa ?
you do not pass to see me at all what i have done to you ?
the poor never had any history in this country , now it is better to prepare the future form which he can enjoy .
when will the money transfer stations open in the plain
i should like to know , what happen about the reopening the states universities
lid , working in the town hall for foward all aquinois even we have no posibility but we are going to do our best with clealy for all people undestand what we are realize .
please , when purples could go back to school in haiti ? thanks !
i would like to know if someone wants to remake his birth certificate where he can go .
notes : this kind of message is not important for my work .
an information please : where is the bus station to go to jrmie ?
how to get a job int he gouvernment or in an org
i would like to have more informations about you .
this is asking to call number .. number is truncated .. this is the number in the usa 610 .. note : please review so number can be put together ..
i need information on all government offices .
i am a chauffeur truck i get a lot of messengers very important but i would get find some job because i have several months of our foreign gouvernments a free . god bless you and bless our country .
please do pass the message relates to the authorities
does canada have a program of the schoolarship ?
where faes office locations and number of mft .
wow balayen firmed nothing rosa city in villa rosa
would you like this school ? or god is leading jesus the censor , the st mind the professor , the bible for book the tests to must and the prayer for soil
please , i would like to know more about 4636 .
thank you for the beautifuls messages i put in application , i need to work i sturdy administration you can give me a job
i would like to know all last information concerning the country so that i know this i can make .
good evening ! my friend how you last the day , good night
i would like to know when they are going to do the back permanent .
i 'd like to sign up for this program please
thanks send me always the good message .
good evening chief , i m waiting at port de paix . i have a problem ca nt get anything to eat ?
i have only one problem with the international politic because all they give to the country never have a good distribution and they continue
it closes its eyes and pray - the - seigneur . il must be convincing to be persuaded messieurs . thank you .
what can a person do ? i do n't feel the same way i used to be . i am troubled . what should i do ?
hi ! please i need information about job , i 've four children , i'm jobless , my husband is a driver but he does not have his own truck , please help me ! tell me where i must go or to call just to find a job , just to give a little relief with the children . thanks
you do n't respect the promise you do , cause you did'nt put the card for someones .
i need information about www.jobpaw.com because i left a resume already
have they a date the replies will finish ?
in what place is the national archive ? to give the i date that he / it takes his / its function
between your i fond of you . answer .
is there any officiel examen for the student in 9th and rheto this years?and then how they are going to do that .
i want to know everything that is happening via sms
i have a trouble , i give birth with a baby , please help me find a gynecolog doctor!that 's allow i suffer so deep of my heart after 3 years of wedding .
what office that responsable in the built in the zon , is the organisation jhudp
most big urgence i have is a job i need . i am a technicien in informatique , i have worked for 2 years in this .. i have worked like driver also during 16 mois .. can we help me find a job driver ? n , b : i
send me the exchange rate . thank you .
i want to hear the news ( paper ) you must know
hi ! i 'd like to know the decisions made in favor of students please
i am happy to find ong 's message .
do n't question please on how the government is administering food distribution and reconstruction .
thanks you so much for your advice , good job from digicel .
help me to go to school , please.thank you .
expert in accounting science i would like to find a little job please
if someone do not have access to internet where can he bring his cv
please is it possible to do my passport
my thought is that i would like you to love me sincerely . i wish for you to be the last with whom i want to share my life . everything is ok my love .
what you can do for eduction of the children . for the parents who do n't have resource , me i am one of them .
notes : this message is not important .
i would like to subscribe to 4636 .
i would like to find a way to free myself how can you help me i need a lot of help .
good evening , it makes a very long time that i did n't receive some information
thank you very much because i am someone who has health problems
this message is not very important to translate .
i would like to know if the faculties will open .
hello please i would like information
give the americans the opportunity to rebuild haiti
i don't work , please say that to minustah and un for me .
sent some minutes for me please !
i congratulate you for all the advice thank you so much
this sms is only giving you an address not much detail . . / 2 cyber cafe route of frere . . a litle under where the jumbala night club is ..
good evening!could you refer me to the minister of foreign affairs .
try business with digicel haiti
throw me in the ocean because i can not take this rout / road ( in life ) all by myself .
dji messes up is going to make you do
why did watancard did not received at ?
they 're not in the hospital anymore please tell me where they are
me junior i tell you a big thank you for these beautiful counsels
the communication is the key of all frustration
we would please let us know who you are because you inform us very well .
hi mr , where will i have to go to look for my id card ?
hello , digiciel is he the best network in the country . i am aware that you are doing a lot for us in our time of need . thank you digiciel . can you put a little money for me
i 'm pregnant and i 'd like to know which precautions that i should take .
how long time can we expect for the replies ?
many thanks for all these messages . i hope you are always continuing to give us good advice
how do i find a visa to florida ?
ok thank you i waiting to your answer ..
if i have a humain be out of his ( her ) mind what can i do ?
please , send me some minutes on my cell phone , because i want to do a urgent call .
