it 's not the helicopters that keep making noise in our ears all the time every day that matter to us , it 's food and security
we need help in milot . we have no more food . people are starving to death .
how can u help me to not catch a lot of microbes in water drinking in the capital
where can i find the food pass please ? send me the information
i 'm hungry i have n't recieve anything to eat .
my mom and dad are blind , i m sick with an ulcer . my stomach hurts
the message might be saying that they have been stuck in the presidential palace ( pal ) since the same tuesday ( as the quake ) . they need water . the message says they are not finding a little water . no names , no number of people given .
a lot of people are victims even though it 's in pernier they did the rice distribution . on ..
please hurry . we are hungry . we are in fontamara .
i have my cousin who has a girlfriend with hiv . what kind of precautions can he take ?
we want medical equipment and supplies needed in all crushed area specialy bon - repos such as medecins againts mst / ist , familial planning , psycological care and so forth . what ong we must contact for that .
i give thanks to god , bu my friends i have problems , haitians have problems . i 'm on the road in cap haitien and i do n't even have water to drink
good afternoon . .. help . .. we are located in port - de - paix . we need food for the people that just arrived and they do not have nothing to eat . please listen to our plea . ..
the children who are in my hands does not infect pneumonia was through this that i had taken
hello concerning the food distribution for 3500 people suffering in delmas 33 on the football field
i have a sore throat i do n't know what to do i have so much difficulty to drink and to eat please help me .
the hunger is killing us do something for us in l'acul , leogane
working to take care of my children and my wife it 's you can i ask cause i am suffering so much , my childen suffer for food thank you
every thing is damage in my city to flood.city name dera allah yar tehsil jhat pat district jafarabad balochistan .
pleas we are in renaissance village on the new road . we are dying of hunger pleas help tn new road is the road built by the army that links city solei directly to the national 1 highway . there are many old sugarcane worker villages turned into slums or poor residential neighbor hods in this area
kolekte is hell , hungry , please help
save us my friends . we are dying of hunger . .. .
hello , we are in gressier . we are hungry we have n't found anything . we need tents .
we need tents and food in miragoane , in the cit marie victoire area .
we are dying of hunger . we are located at source corrosol eglise de dieu . .. is my life . we have approx 900 people . note : could not find on th map
why are n't the so called program presidents who are apparently making efforts against hunger still talking when the majority of my family in the general population is dying of hunger in gonaives . myself as an example
lots of other countries are sending help , but we are hungry , and the gouvernement dont say a thing about it , they dont give us help
do n't forget the provinces like mawouj in a little underprivileged area where a lot of people coming from port - au - prince came in , the food products became very expensive
we are in bois verna , near sogesol . we need food .
i 'm thankful for the international corps ( crs ) for food it gave this morning in delmas 62 even if this is rice to give us time for the rest of the stuff . we need a tent for the rain .
we need a doctor in arcahaie where are they ?
we ask fr help in 4636 we got no answer we are hungry
we are 350 survivors in kenskof in guibert 67 . we are starving .
good evening . we are writing to ask you for a little help in the sibert area . we are calling for something to eat . we have n't eaten anything yet . we ask you please do us a favor .
you have put 2 - 3 helicopter in the air that are dropping tiny bags of water , but those most in need are not receiving if you have god please help these people
if there is rain , will the water table ( water source ) be contaminated and make people sick
notes : it 's important for the nation to find medical helps
we are sleeping in the streets in carrefour ( kafou ) specialement in mon repos 42,we are forgotten without food or tents
i have problems . my house is destroyed . i am hungry . i 'm asking you to help me , please . i have 4 children .
i do n't have water and aguatab in the roadcross paloma
good evening . we are writing to ask you for a little help in the sibert area . we are calling for something to eat . we have n't eaten anything yet . we ask you please do us a favor .
where can i find a health center in la plaine
at route freres impasse dorsainvily we need tent and food
we 're in corail , arcahaie . we have n't seen any food
please let me know where i can find the food pass , because i have n't found anything at all yet .
we are dying of hunger in petion ville
tell me what i must do , if during the earthquake i 've got a person that loose his mind and never get his good sence again , i went to saint catrine hospital they give him medicaments however nothing gon na be allright .
i am at port - au - paix they do n't give me food , do something for me . thanks .
i and my family ( 16 persons ) in 3e comunal section tiboukan , gressier , we never find any food , anything .
please , durinfg the earthquake , we lost our house and we are injured and we need help . we are students
medicine for sick people are at gonaives
good evening . thank you for the food but they have not sent enough for us at rue bolosse 4eme . we have already exhausted our supply of food . will you please send us more ?
we are in the area of petit goave , we would like .. we need tents and medication for flu / colds ..
which cream is good for skin blemishes ?
united nation see what you can do for us because we do n't find anything , we have some people sick , here what we need : medicine , covers , our house is broke down . claude felix ask that .
every -2 hours ask for grace , forgiveness and mercy for haiti . it has to be faith and go to take us out of here . send this message to 10 other people
i do n't have any food in my house to eat please do something for me
can u bring me something to eat .
people in thomazeau do n't have anything to eat , especially in hatte cadete
please , i would like to know what precautions there are for me to prevent all diseases from the catastrophe on january 12 .
finding a little food to eat , because there are alot of us hungry
please send help to the people of st. mark . they are hungry . they ca n't recieve wire transfers and the bank are closed .
.. . who need food , they leave the other place . please help us .
i am in carrefour , i ca n't find food nor water to drink
in our village , food and crops have destroyed , and we have no source of income and the government had not helped us
the people is hungry and you are asking for blood .
the people act like this , cause they are hungry . in the case of the government will start thinking about us then we can project an other picture more human .
purified water . we leave at croix - des - bouquets ( meyer entrue 2rigaud ) just next 2the pshychiatry center .
hello i 'd like to know if really there will be more earthquakes again this weekend
my house has collapsed i m living in the streets with 7 kids , my father , my mom and my wife . .. what can i do we are hungry
i need to go find my family in the us . i do n't have a house , cloths nor food .
there 's a lack of water in moleya , please informed them for me .
we need tents , we sleep under the rain we need food too
please ! give me some informations on the earthquake .
from brabalance , hunger is killing us . please bring us some aid .
i need help . i have no house , clothing , food . i live in christ - roi
requesting water . home collapsed on solino ( ground . )
people needing water with baby location : beach 24
thank you for all your information . i want to to pass this important information for me . people from the mandine zone can not live because they do not have tants and food
flood has done a lot of damage in our village kachipul . our crop , our homes , and our business everything is gone . but still , the government has not provided us any help .
where can one find a card to get some rice and when is this ending ?
my brothers and my sisters let 's stay witout food these 3 days instead of having carnaval , take these days to thank god , he said these days are mine .
i 'm hungry , give me some food and some support , please .
if you do n't find the eat and tent . what must make to find the cyclone ?
help for the center of flore around 400 demunis in damien to unibank in the yard of pam pak
we 're in the area of belair , at the foot of morne karate , on the road l'amitie de jacmel . we are writing to request some assistance because things are not going well for us . thanks in advance .
could you please send me a few minutes for me so i can call you so you can come and pick me up . i am hungry -- please .
good morning how are you ? can you please let me know if you are giving out food in croix des bouquets , especially where i am right now in latremblay . we need food .
hi i do n't have a place to sleep , it 's in the community park on santo 17 , on the peter field , we do n't have food , do something for us please .
i am hungry i liive in delmas 9
bad odors are too much in port au prince , the help missions should find themselves a better plan of work , where are the bosses ? lot of nice talks for nothing , we need everything .
i would like to help out in my area with children who have no food because of the earthquake . what can i do ?
sacre - coeur hospital which located in this village milot 14 km south of oakp is ready to receive those who are injured . therefore , we are asking those who are sick to report to that hospital .
we need much help like food and flour
is there a way that food can be distributed at the destroyed schools , like lycee leogane , so that the students can receive some food ? thank you !
i 'm only hungry . can you come and help me please ?
people on top of dekayete . please help the babies , they are sick and need help please
where can i get help i am wounded
we find no food , we are starving .
i informs a little about the counterpart of the seism
send me some supports , please!i am very hungry . i have nobody at gonaives . after the earthquake , i am living in ' ' gonaives '' , i ca n't return in port - au - prince because my house breaked
oh my god . i would like to know why we are not getting aid . those of us who are in signo , geren , brach . we have 4 little bags of rice , 1/2 gallon of oil , a small bag of beans for 22 people .
i am a victime in the area of neret . the 12 of january i lost my hous and my child is badly hurt . we are about 1233 in the the housing center in nerret near the colleg antillais
pass this message for me to the authorities , we need food for the victims who took refuge in st - marc
i 'm in a zone , i 'm a victim . no one asks us if we 've eaten or not . when they give us food , they break our heads , that 's why they ca n't manage this .
great i am nesly please tell me whether it is true that a volcano in saut - d'eau , and i want to know whether the election is effectively true , if yes when he is doing
i lost everything in the flood , my house , my assets . the situation has reached a point wherein i get to eat one day and someday i do n't . even i have not received my vetan card .
let us know some about the sea that will rise , the tsunami .
in our village kachipul flood has damaged alot our crops , our homes and our income everything is finished but government have n't help us location : vilage kachipul distt : kambr shadadkot please visit our city kachipul
i 'm hungry , a need for ity and ami in the inner court of taba 3 kazo . please have pity on us .
sir or madam , i 'm hungry , i can not stand because i 'm very hungry , if you could share the food , it would benefit the population , thanks
hello , think about me and if you can help in the sense that my business crashed , my house crashed and i did n't save anything at all so i am in the street , i am hungry , what can i do ?
from village allhadino khaskheli thatta walidad khaskheli - my whoe village has come under floods . all our belongings have flooded out . still no ngo has sent us any rations . before 1 month nrsp sent us flour and oil and that too was exhausted in 15 days .
sos people in the city of bourdon in the area of avenue john brown , bourdon
.. . can no longer stand it . they are starting to become infected . please do this for us . god will repay you . our address is across from the hotel lambi night club , street . ..
mess : mess : we cry 4help in a hurry , cuz we r about fifty who sleep in the open and we care enough 4the living : no umbrella , no food 4these coming days , no
we need help for clercine and christ roi . the people are hungry , their houses are broken and we do nt have cloths . please ! we need
please tell the ngo that it is not important which water bottle . the medicine we treated water with ( aquatab)is what we need , because we have water . martissan
the hospital for doctors without borders at delmas 19 is closed . the hospital st - louis de gonzague at delmas 33 takes care of all sickly and injured patients , free of charge
avenue magloire ambroise , not too far from the sister 's compound , we never found any food , we only found water .
we need assistance in bizoton 51 rue kl?sine pwolon- je , who want to say t?t m?n the people need food , it 's in our userene is sleeping . please send . ..
we need for the state to do all that is possible for the people who are suffering find care in the hospitals like gonaives , they have never reached us . they are people suffering , there are no medicine .
location - anse a galets , la gonave , near wesleyenne hospital , need assistance fixing the school and also feeding 500 children .
we are has delmas 83 rue b.canal us have need of water , the water that we serve is completely impure . is what we have can give of the pure water . majority of the girls has some infections
where can we get the red cross card ?
sos , for the people in mariani , all the houses are destroyed , we did not find any help at all since the 12 of january , we are starving , sos
( truncated ) at gressier . so this is why i 'm asking the haitian government to verify the status of the food they 're giving to the people . from - the haitian people
i 'm really happy you guys received my message . please come and see us . we need first aid and all the help we can .
disease assessment needed in dadu
the way food is being distributed is no good because there are some people who take a lot when others get nothing . i myself am in leogane .
my house has been destroyed and i m death angry cause i did n't find food
there are bed conditions in our area.we have unsuffient shelter , food and other facilities.there is dire need of food.we are looking ngos and other or
we 're in minotri , we have n't gotten rice yet , we 're dying of hunger
we need blankets , vessels- khaime hafiz rafiq ahmad basti fogiwala pati ghulam ali sanawan kot addu
i am at arcahaie , i do n't find either food or shelter .
we live in la pleine . since tuesday we 've been sleeping on the street . hunger is killing us .
we need help tp start planting food to feed everyone
we 're dying of hunger . please help .
people located in leogane at the section citronniers , they need food .
the people of mahoti?re 79 are hungry
i live with six persons , we would like to find tent , food , dlo , thanks a lot .
i would like to have some information about the distribution of food . thank you .
hey ! you send for haiti we find anything even a water sachet , when jesus came in the under the ground he said the people give the order , father god , why among all the zone were more despise ?
food is getting very costly in pap following the earthquake . rice is now 250 gourdes a measuree it was 200 gourdes before . corn is 125 gourdes , compared to 100 gourdes
please ask the government to teardown the big building in front of teleco in grand rue port - au - prince
i am hungre . i can not find food .
the minister of health told everyone who 's taking prescription for aids can go to the same place or can have someone get it for them .
i am from pap , not in gonave island , my house was destroyed , i need food
we are hungry , our home has been crushed , our family who were in the city- come find us
please could you tell me where i can get the card to get food that they are giving out ?
please ! please ! in the church saint antoine ( st anthony church ) located in nazon ( port - au - prince in downtown ) , in impasse medilien , ( street or dead end street ) there are 100 people still trapped under the rubble . please come and help us . please in nazon . ..
i 'm living in a camp , without water or food . bring us food .
hello we are in belok leogane . we are hungry we have nothing for the area of belok . it is the student association of belok leogane
we got a big problem to feed in 22 area w'r just need someone do did something of us pls .
all local inhabitants needing food and shelter
where can a homeless go for food
i would like to get information on the earthquake
bonjour . .. i need to go to canada , i only have my passport . how can you help me please . ? thank you
we need electricity 24 hours a day , more technology and school for the people , together we can change haiti!.
4636 : ngo said to clean up the water with aquatad or clorox to be safe to drink.if you put clorox wait for 30 secondes.health 's public depatment will give aquatab .
i do not have a card for food . i need one please .
why do n't you ever past by me , i do n't have any where to sleeps , i 'm starving . i see that is only one part that is finding what you 're doing is n't wreat , i'm waiting for your answer .
we do not have food or money . we will go to our country side port salut
i have a big probem with ? ? i am asking for help . we are hungry but not dead . we are ok , thank you
committee , delmas 33 citron send message for people in citron who are hungry aid has yet to get here please
i ca nt get any food aid and need a coupon
one never gives us food has cayes jacmel , locality raymond.the population dies of hunger
my daughter has fallen ill because of extreme cold . please help me in constructing a room . abdul jamil chah dhory wala near chakar dari kot adu
i have a lot of people in croix - des - bouquets , rue fort dargout that are in misery . there 's us , and also lots of mothers with children and no food .
we are at fort mercredi ( wednesday ) where can we find tents and treated water .
in dessalines , 3rd section , in a place named petit place there are a lot of people who left port - au - prince . they do n't have houses , they are hungry . send some help for the people who are writing .
good afternoon please my sisters and brothers i need one sack of rice i live in jirado
we are refugees in martissant , especially in the peruvian school ( ecole perou ) , church saint bernard and school normal ( ecole normale ) . we need food . the cold outside caused us to be very sick . there are bandits around .
hello all people i 'm here in the street my house is collapsed , broken my cousin , my aunt
will we have earthquake tonight ?
if some body does n't eat , does he will stay up ? it 's rainning , i do n't have tent , my identify card is lost , i ca n't go to the bank , what could i do , and i would like to know when there will be possibility to have an identification card because my mine is lost .
i need to help me because my house broken . my food , tent , mattress
where can we find crads for food , we are in fontamara 27 rue castera et mapou we find nothing
emergency aid needed at the centre flore for damien on the grounds pampak of the unibank
we need help at place mais - gate . we have a sick baby .
i am a victim . i am sleeping in the mist with my wife and children . we do n't have food . please anot translated
i m still waiting for your help . .. i 'm starving , please bring me food
diapers , etc . have big truck huge to store goods f / distribution and security . rte clercine , butte boyer , ( apres hotel stephia hotel ) , impasse gelin # 2 ,
we are not getting anything in delmas 2 . water only
we are in the rain season , what must we do because we are in the street ?
i do n't have mosquito - net and tablets can trait water . do you will give me some . ?
hello we are in leogane , we are 9 people we need water to drink . please help us .
i am hungry and ca n't find any food , where can i go to get help ?
we need help in jacmel in rochalet . we are hungry please help us
we are facing food problem b / c in that connfction we have got little bit relief . from village sahib khan solangi , union council kamal khan taluka johi district dadu .
hello digicel . i 'm looking for work . we have found food but have n't found a tent .
? ? port au prince ? ? and food . they need goverment aid and international aid thak you . god bless haiti
hey , send for haiti we do n't send a water bag . i want to know if jesus wan't come in the earth for every body , cause i see in all the zone , our is more neglijed .
there 's 8 families and 2159 in the center akra they need food because they are very hungry , they do nt have anything , we can contact us in this number
happy eid to allah team and family from kotly sattian raffana mubeen
everyone , people of grande saline le lambi are asking for aid because they have not seen anyone . we problem of water shortage . we have a reservoir to put the water . ed
where is the food distribution take place ? we are in region marin croix des missions
united nations say if you have , soreeyes , throatache , general hospital can help you . lemon juice kill microbe . if you have feiver , go to see a doctor .
hunger is going to end up lilling me . nothing is reaching carrefour ( neighborhood )
we have no water , please help us because we really need help . when you get the message , let me know , text me back please .
help needed for food , milk for kids in lamentin 54 , aurelle st , they have not received any help since the quake ' . they are hungry .
we are dying from hunger , please help us with that situation , my address is ( second narrow street of patience ) .
my wife is pregnant and suffering , i have a 16 month old son
look , i have n't found this food yet in the northwest
for us to sleep and i am a student in my 2nd year in good in science is it possible that we can get help please ?
good evening , what i suppose to do , because after the earthquake i sleep out in the rain , my parents are hurted , they do n't find help .
hello i would like to know if , even if you are not injured , can you go to the hospital for pounding heart .
medicines are most crucial requirement than food from kot addu
much more doctores are needed in the provinces
i am hungry , i need food to survive , please bring food
the baby 's diapers are under the rubble along with the rubber nipples / baby bottles . we greatly need your strong hands .
how can i receive food if i am / stay at home ?
they need food at leogane 9th section citronniers
tomorrow haiti is it possible is it possible for a haiti tomorrow
please help me , i lost my family and i ca n't eat . i am on place boyer , help me .
i have heard from everyone . now we are all in need of food . , we are in jacmel rue axina giles
.. especially 11th section of this town where a lot of people will die of hunger , please call me on this number for more information .. give me an answer which can ..
we are at parc sainte therese . there is a lot of unrest with the food distribution .
shelter and food are very important , how about some one who has n't a recipient ?
i live in cazeau i need to work , i am from the universit sciences comptables ( university of accounting ) , and i am a manager . i used to drive people in the area need food .
the people among us who are the most injured is a 3 year old child . he piece of concrete fell on his head and his head is injured . we also have a person with a broken hand who is a nurse .
good morning ! please how you can help me to understand with the observations of others on the earthquake and the tsunamis on the city ' ' cap - haitien '' ? because i was at port - au - prince , after the earthquake has destroyed my house , i com in the city '' cap - haitien '' . and then , the observation do n't stop about all on the earthquake and tsunamis . i do n't have peace i ca n't sleep under house .
thank you , we need help at delmas 57 , please
i need water , 27 bertin street , carrefour
i have a lot of spots , please help me
4636:ong says if you have a mosquito net , use it when you're sleeping.it 's important , it can help you to decrease the risk to attack malaria .
we dont have help at all we are abandonned we are situated in petionville on the way to diegue on the side of the health center thanks
i am a 35 year old young haitian who witness the jan 12 earthquake , i am traumatize in a country with no work high cost of living ,
if we 're hungry where can we find food , we 're dying
i am hungry and i have no one
they are throwing food out to make people fight for it .. thank you !
we are several victims of the earthquake which took place on tuesday 12 january . we are in the yard near gerald bataille rue ode lucien , number 13 we have nothing to eat .
for all those people that are in the hopital up to now they do n't have any help that because they do n't have enough . i take this occasion to send this message because i have a little space to do so
help us in la gonave . we need food !
here are what i'm asking for : tent , shelter , food and orther things .
i am happy to hear that the government is talking about first aid product . .. i need to know the price for a cup of rice .
yes we understand all the things the health ministry i saying but how are we supposed to find these things in the first place we are not working and we have no help . tell them what they can do to help
we are in sapotille carrefour terrain dochamo . today is the 21st day we have found nothing to eat .
the house is broken . there are 5 people who have been injured . we need urgent assistance . please call the number for location .
weneed help in ravine pintade , right across from olympic market
please bring us help today , if you continue down siko ( ? ) , in carrefour , because we 're dying of hunger
where can i find access card , because i have no food .
edh please come by carrefour b to help our kids , they will die from hunger
we are in needs of tents and water at mahotiere 77 , carrefour trofort
people in pasket- jacmel need food and tent so they can stop sleeping in destroyed houses . please help us .
voice of america , please send this message for us . we are in gressier , ti boukan . we are starving , what we had is over . please help us .
there 's no one to send me money
good evening ! ! ! for national and international organization which are helping to save many lives . please i want to eat but i do not have any food .
in that difficult period , where can people can find or get good hygiene . .. ?
we need foods and tents . contact us in the street ' ' estime '' # 28
i had heart surgery . i can not be under the rain . however , i have a friend who has a house with some holes in the walls , i will go to sleep there .
we have no food in our area and that area is carrefou
water/ faucet line broken in turjo ( area of haiti ) . a tractor ( heavy equipment of some sort ) broke the water lines
we are a kan of 600 people stationed at riboncy street . honorat at nazon area , we have no water and tent . please help us .
good evening . i would like to get a card for the distribution of tents .
we are a group of people living at tabarre 27 , we are dying because we have no food please help ! !
i need two sheets , pilow , ice , akasan , bag of water
good morning we live in the 12th section of leyogane . we have seen no aid yet . the biggest problem is that we have a young woman that is going to give birth this month and she has no shelter to deliver in .
i am from village alhadiino khaskheli . why i am not receiving any material from englishmen in my village?i appeal to you let us have a ration . i am a very troubled because i was living only on agricultural products which is now all drowned by flood .
what can a psychologist do or work to aid in the effort?(in haiti now )
what type of behaviour we suppose to have in rainy season .
there 's a truck that fills with food a policeman hides in santo 4
i would like to know when the aftershocks are going to end . thank you . willy
we expect answers we are hungry send food please it 's urgent
the foods that they distribute in the country . we call s.o.s.
we need medicine for hypertension and tampons / pads and medicine for thee baby too .
in these areas , all the houses have been destroyed . people do not have food to eat .
where can i find food ? i am a survivor
where i could find disinfecting to aspeger the zone againts mosquitoes and bad smel .
after every desaster the country knows , everybody know that the national and the international commitee . how the help are browsing : money , food never find the true victim
government officials who are not doing anything should go home to their suburban areas too . they ca n't even distribute the necessary aid . what are these people going to eat if they go back to their suburban homes ?
we need help in the town of ( bas saintard , guitton , jean hose , mahotte ) in arcahaie . a lot of people migrating from the capital . we need food ,
yesturday in the communal section petit boukan , food aid has not distribute
we need help , it is going to rain . delmas 62
the centre is in the glise de dieu de la nouvelle citi es rachets . since the quake we have n't reveived anything . we are dying of hunger .
how is the capital now , because i heard that there were people who were happy because there stores and institutions are still working
people who are located above descaillets need shelter ( tents ) to protect the babies from light rain ( outside ) , because they are sick . please help us
they do n't take care of us , we 're hungry , we never receive nothing , please send something for us , thank you
this is a message to ask where i can go to a hospital
4636:ong said treat the water with aquatab or put klorox before drinking , if you put klorox wait after 30 minuit before you drink the water .
hello . i live in leogane . my house is destroyed and my family and i are sleeping in the street . we are hungry and have n't found food to eat . help me please .
i would like to thank very much all the doctors who came to help after the massive earthquake that hit the country . god bless you . stay firm and strong .
i 'm very hungry , do something for me , because information is good , but hunger is tough , my brothers and sisters
someone who supposedly say where food is beeing distributed , i should go fight to get it , on top of that i wo n't get any . what can the law says about this case ?
i am in matisan , we do not have great damages but we need help , food etc . ..
we need food for bercy we asked the comity habitat in cabaret
united nations say if you have some problem in your eyes , in your throat general hospital can help you , if you get fever go to see a docter quickly .
there are people in delmas 32 who form an association who is taking food on the name of the people in that neighborhood . they are just keeping it . it is not being distributed .
we have a problem with the food that is given to us . we are not use to eat this kind of food and we are scared to eat it . also , before eating it we have to check the expiration date .
united nations , we need food , we have already known those methods .
i 'm starving . i have no food and nothing else .
if they do n't give me a card and food has been distributed in my area , what will be don for me , because i did not get anything . it 's a good neighbor / samaritan who gave me a little from his / hers .
we are in galet , we are hungry - tabarre 41 a little further up from the american embassy .
sos for carrefour pernier . we desperately need tent and electricity
we are in croix des bouquets 17 road malpasse before the bridge michaud , we are all very hungry
where can people get food to eat outside of the capital because since january 12th , they 've sent food for the people but we never received anything . we are dying of hunger
is there the distribution the food always ?
to be able to continue planting we need health care because malaria and typhoid are spreading out . message from the peasants group of fondikak ( gppf ) .
i need identification to go and get aid such as water , tents , because everyone is a victim , because they are choosing the areas and the people to give help to
please send food for the victims in st - marc
until now people in the mountains are burning ( figuratively ) . 3rd section in jacmel valley has n't received any aid . we have no food , no tents , there are a lot of people who 've left port- . ..
please my borther i need a tent can you help me find one
i am saying hi to everyone working with sms 4636 . do nt give up we can all get together to help the country.put your hands in the dough so we can have bread .
we are alot . we are in sivady jacmel . we need food . please remember us
if i living in bizotoncarrefour what center who find around of me , i would equipment such as to encasefood corporation , medical supplies , scolary supplies .
people of the area laplaine in marin needs electricity since before yesterday they do n't give it
where can we find food distribution cards , because we have a center full of people at church of grace ( egliz de la grace ) in delmas 33 .
they 're saying there will be a blackout during the next 3 days , and other things . send a clear message for haitians .
they gave me some tablets which can treat water . i have no enough instructions for use it very well . please !
where in delmas are they giving out food ?
carrefour , mahotiere 81 and rue desdune . we have never found anything , not even a bag of water .
people in plaisance , in the north of the country have problems/ most houses have more than 20 people who came from pap . they do n't have anything to eat . at this time , they need help .
we are a student union in belok leogane . we have not found up till now food for the population . pleas give an ans adress where we can find food .
in santo 16 we have no food , help us , we 're hungry
there is a mistake in the food distribution , some people give cards to only to people they know .. ! ! i have to beg other people so they can eat , it 's not fair .
we need water . we are dehydrated .
if i am from the central plateau , where can i get a free ride out and i am homeless , i live tons of rain , route freres , even it is little
in the 11th section , gros morne , leogane , there are no one to help . flue , hunger , homelessness and compromised soil and structures . we
good morning , president preval . the people at lagonave are dying of hunger .
i am a victim in the earth quake , please i need your help .
some families at arcachon 34 , carrefour , need aid and refuge .
have pity on us in la gonave .. we ca n't anymore .. hunger demanding authority .. make a way .
the wounded in the saint michely hospital have no medicine . ( this looks like part of a message that got cut off )
hit us and some of us have broken arms and broken legs please come help us because we are dying in the cold .
we can not get food from our house . we are dying of hunger . please help . we live in martissan .
i would like to get the phone number for doctors without borders , pam or care .
health work , food , protection .
i have a three month old child , it has diarrhoea . what do i have to make for him ?
food require at karora , dist shangla
our problem consist of food and underwear . by god 's grace come to our aid .
clothing , food and tents because the sun and the rain are giving us a really hard time . ( incomplete )
we send an sos for bugs that are biting the kids . the department of public health and population ( mspp ) must come and spray the area
there are people in delmas 32 who form an association who is taking food on the name of the people in that neighborhood . they are just keeping it . it is not being distributed .
s.o.s. we would like to inform the responsible as well as the pilot of the helicopter that they flight to low in the delmas area , specially delmas 19 because we have a lot of sicks people there . thank you very much .
hello . we are in belok , leogan . we need food and tents or plastic sheets .
we need food . our address is ( waney 87 # 451 ( inside ) carrefour
i am starting to be really hungry now , how can i find help ?
yes , things are serious . the trouble about of food is the biggest . we 've all ..
we do n't have chlorine , we do n't have water . when we manage to find a gallon , it 's for us to drink .
good evening persons in charge , we still have not recieved any emergency aide at labelaire , fontamara 43
gonaives need help with food urgent !
i have a problem , becaue i ca n't find food to eat and my phone card is finished i ca nt call family abroard .
people in delmas 19 on patrice lumumba street are dying of thirst .. pleae help us thank you
good evening . is it possible for an aftershake to attain level 6 and then last a long time such as 10 , 15 , 20 minutes and more ?
help me to find that information , about , according the streets want to make know that everyone will be died sunday at five(5)o'clock . i want some informations about . ok , thanks , i'm waiting for the answer .
they make a succes please give me a rice thanks .
it 's food we need , with tents so we can survive out in the open . advice is good too , but that ca n't save us in our misery
good evening , i need information please
i am quite ill and can not find care .
i live in saint marc . my house is destroyed . my neighborhood needs food and money and i need w?okt??ou
intersection / crossroad of paloma need water and food please
we still ca n't find any food whatsoever and we are actually dying of hunger . please help us to save the remaining brothers and sisters that are still alive , please .
i am a victim . i have head injuries . i do not feel very well . how can i find aid with this type of medical complication .
un reports leogane 80 - 90 destroyed . only hospital st. croix functioning . needs supplies desperately .
we in bouchereau , the valley of jacmel . all the families are slpeeping in the yard , we are cold . we need tents and medication
good night . we are 8 people who are refugees in coix des bouquets , duval 30 . we would like to benefit from food kits and 2 tents . thank you for your understanding .
our house turned to rubble and we are hungry . what can we do ?
we have a social center in gonaive with more than 100 people to feed . can you please help us ?
where can i get the card that pam is given for food ?
this person is asking for water in order to survive .
us at carefour kala . the only thing we need is food and tents
water to drink , please tell us how to pray because we nearly lose belief . our pray is never arrive to lord , in the sky . answer for me please .
boul i mother does not like my two phones . i am hungry , please
we have food shortage here in pestel
i 'm at st - marc , i just came up to save some lives and they need it . they do nt have shelter nor do they have food .
we need tents food they are desprate
hello people in the courtyard of miki at fontamara 27 menos street extension , water please , do something
. .. i no clothes , no house , no food , why no help , i have lost everything . my family is in . ..  
we need food . near kousen1 , ti riviere , l'artibonite
we are in sainte bernadette . there are 2 areas that have not received anything . we are buying water ( warm ) for 5 gourdes .
we need help . we are a seguineau road at the corner of nazon and bertholy . we really need water .
can you send tents and food for people in carrefour feuilles ?
i was in pap , lost my house . now i am in les cayes , where can i find the food pass please ?
where are they taking care of people who are injured ?
thanks for the messages , but i have not had any help yet . please i need some tents and food for my people . thank you very much .
during the quake my head was hit hard . since then it gives me lots of problems . something is wrong . i can not see well . i would like to now where i can find help .
i left port - au - prince , i came to les cayes . i never found ( got ) anything . hunger is killing me . i feel like i ca n't take it any more
people at avenue n said they want to know if the distribution of food is already finish ? they do n't find nothing .
hello , if the message gets to you , we are having difficulties to get ( supplies / things ? ) because of our children . its very urgent that we get tents and medicine . what we should - then it is cut off
people in petit goaves need medical assistance as well . please be aware of that as well .
i am starving for food . i am located in carrefour 52
hi i would like to join my family in usa i have no home , no clothes , they do n't distribute food where i am .
i ask the authorities to help us people in dufour next to miragoane , we need food , the kids are hungry
people from 1st section of la gonave island are dying of hunger
4636 : food has gotten more expensive in pap after the earthquake . a measure ( can ? ) of rice is selling for 250gd now , before it used to be 200gd . corn is 125gd , before it was 100gd .
and all the aid other nations sent , you hid 2 trucks of rice gang of thieves
the location where we are has nothing , a bag of water no matter the size will help us , please come and visit so you can see .
ok thanks , but now we need food .
we leave trouin to get food help us
why they do n't tell me : come to take a visa ? i am living in the bad country . i do n't find food how i am going at the toilet ?
we do n't have water in delma camp .
i have a child who 's father is in a foreign country and does n't take care of him , i have no house , , i have no food to give him
.. tents and water , the situation will get worse if the concerned authorities do n't act ..
i never find nothing , nor shelter nor food .
we need help we are starvin we are in grand goave please
i am very hungry , can you do something for me like a job ? what can i do ?
for those that have already arrived in fond - des - negres and have only clothing , what will they eat
there are a lot of diseases from infection in haiti -- what should we do ?
about 240 people are hungry in gonaives . no more food .
good afternoon . we live dubois ( at the top of mountain saint antoine ) . hunger is killing us!. we need help !
i would like to go the hospital . i have time to go the provinces ecountryside . how can you help me ?
it 's been 12 days since people of butte - boyer have had no food . i would like to know when will people in butte - boyer and clercine will find food relief .
we need help in morija diquini 63 . there is no water nor tents for us to sleep in . they have not brought anything for us . other places have gotten things . do what you can to send aid for us . god will bless you .
food distribution did not reach our area . we live in paloma , rue lemoine . .. please
we need help alimentary in larat kadt(tomazo )
hospital medecin sans frontiers ( doctors without borders ) located at delmas 19 is closed . hospital san louis gonzague situated at delmas 33 , will take care of all the sick for free .
we are dying of hunger in lillavois47
please i have problems i am hungry , do something now i went to school i need to eat find me a job now
how can we find aid and food in fontamara ( carrefour )
if i m in jeremie how i can find a little food ? because the aids coming i do not find anything .
was the government gave me food it tells me to wash my hand before eating ?
thanks , you sent me too much advice . i need food now
i have a son who 'd been hurt . they took him away for treatment ? but o do n't know to what hospital they . ..
tell the experts for me there is no water , no homes , not tents . ..
i am sharing a can of flour with 8 people for the day .
here , i'm i do n't find medicin just resting to die where i can find it ?
we need some tent with food at mon repos 44 rue concorde # 44.sos quickly
why digicel in leogane still can't make any phone calls ? please do something for us we need to let our families know we're ok !
i am pestel , there is no food , there is nothing . we are at dipi 's house , please , we are waiting for you
i have a member with injuries wiht me , we can not help that person , since we 've lost everything . please help .
we need food in debussy , some can find some others ca nt .
i 'd like to know information about the water that they are giving out , because several people are taking them without permission cards .
alpha comity who 's located at nerettes with 879 family need foods and tentes . please we need help
i need to let my family know that i am starving , they need to send me money . what money transfer company is openin my area ..
people on route terre never got any help . hunger is killing us . do something for us .
how can i have some water tyo drink ? help ! ! !
this person says there are in a place called solino , haiti . they say they can not find any water , food , or place to take a bath
please we need help righ now we ca n't take it anymore . we need rice , beans , etc .
i want you to understand that we are hungry . . we all . . i would like us to get a good answer
we are at impasse colon turgeau . we need help , food and youth willing to work . thank you
i do n't have monies to go give blood in port - au - prince from la gonave .
where are they doing the food distribution because i have n't received anything ?
i need to eat now , i am very very hungry
we need food here in cavaillon . a lot of people come here from port - au - prince .
delmas 41 impasse myrthe zone faustin the 1st . there is nothing there people need tents and food there are babies .
needs a more precise address information seeking water to drink
i 'm haitian doctor and i own an organization . i need medicine to help people near my house
we are at avenue n , rue chili right by american base . we do nt have any food
what kind of urgent information like : death , disease or epidemic .
i send all the messages you see . we are ( not ? ) by the side of route national 1 because it is blocked by people . ( trying ? ) to find food , not sure if we can .
.. .. . we are here our mother has no more water . if you are there let us know ( location not provided )
mother care and sanitary material required for women .
we are in silo it 's raining people get panic we need tents now before the kids get sick help help
its food that i need , i do nt have access to internet
.. find a little help . today makes 22 days since the people in guiton were victims and we have had no aid . how do you feel , since you have n't helped us after all this time ?
please people in piece of land kastro need food ? thanks
we have no water please help up . thanks in advance .
i need food   i can not find food .
today we get things to eat , tomorrow we wo n't find . ..
we are the people from the mountain of fontamara in broyer near bel - air , town of alix . no one has come to us and our need is enormous . we have no water ..
flood has done much destruction in our village kachipul . we have lost our house , crop and employment . but the government has n't given any help till the day . we have n't get our awatan card even . neither i nor abu has n't got this .
water please . thank you . god bless you .
what do i have to do , where do i have to go to find medical care ?
in our village kachipul flood has done very big damage . our crop , our business - all have been destroyed . but government has still not done any help of us .
eya we are asking urgent care for the elderly .
they say there will be a huge aftershock tonight bigger than the first earthquake i need to know if it 's true . we 're suffering a lot me my wife and kids .
hi 4636 did you give the news for tonight on an eventuel earthquake i heard a lot persons say that , i would want that you gave me more precision
i am dying of hunger . i have not eaten anything in a few days . the whole neigborhood
we need foods please . we are in needed .
we have 63 people , about 457 people live in the neighborhood . we are hungry . do n't shame / humiliate me . i find this message . we can work together to help ourselves . we will be happy with whatever you give us .
i 'm in thomazeau i do n't have food is they forget us in that zone we 're hardly hungry
hello , i 'd like to know what number to call for the world food program , to thank them .
in the provinces there is never electricity , most of all in the region of bas - artibonite , in the commune of verrettes
we are hungry , we are tired and we need tents to sleep in . please help us because so far no one has . we are at avenue magloire ambroise prolongee number 363 bis
there are people under the coeur unis ( i 'm guessing this is a church ? ) . and also , the hunger is killing me . yesterday they pushed me so i did not recieve food . fontamara 27 . we need security a there are too many fights .
i feel like about to pass out but i 'm relying on you . who ever transmitting this message .
we live in fontamara 27 . we have problems with lack of food and shelter . please help us
please , there are 11 people in the family who are survivors and went to cap haitien , i do n't have the means to feed them . do something for me please
laboule 12 prolongee , section prosi no food no structure
is like this they takecare of us ? if not , what kind of precaution should people who 's living in the same place with people that 's sick can take . please 4636,i'll take of your answer right now .
do each haitian make money less than the money hi can eat each day , it 's not a help but it 's a way to continue with operating system .
notes : it 's important because the people attrap the virus by the careless .
i 'm on the ground , i'm not inside of the house please help me quickly .
please please in the tabarre area we need electricity please even if it 's at 10 o'clock
we need water and a tent at delmas 60 . thank you .
those people who live at sibert need food they are hungry .
we are in carrefour dufort , at leogane city . nobody visit us and we do n't find any aid , any food . we are about to die of hungry .
we need help . kids need assistance at fontamara 37 . kids sick diarrea , flue , thanks note : could not locate fontamara 37 on the map .
i am a pastor 41 of my people have lost their houses . . but right now we need food and clothes for them . please we need your help . the area is called bwadom .
we need portable water we are located in delmas 30 where can we go for urgent help
hi how are you doing ? i lost my mom , and now i am dying of hunger
i need help , food for victims who are in saint raphael nord .
we are in fort jacques , near for alexandre . our house was destroyed , we have no food , please help us .
food and of tent we live in a very critical situation if he / it pleases you us count on your understanding thank you that god you bless
pleas send me a number that i can contact to find mediacal aid and other forms of aid .
we want you to know that carrefour need help , we starving to death .
hello , i do not have any death but we have lost everything , we have no food please find a way to help us
is class reopenning still for march 1st ?
we have not have any water to drink for two weeks .
i have problems , do n't mess with me , i am hungry call me to tell me what you 'll give to me .
i 'm letting people know that they 're selling aid . they do n't give people food to fill their bellies . someone should take measures against that .
good evening , you say that you give priority to the people who are the most affected . please , what can you for me who just came out of the earthquake ? now i am starving to death . please , do something ..
carefour feiulles zone savane pistache . we have n't received anything please send this message . ..
here in tabarre we do n't have electricity.we have have power outage . yesterday , thives came here in tabarre and they did a lot of damage . please we need electricity . we can organize ourselves if we have it .
people in croix des prs are dying of hunger .
we live on impasse ida on poupla avenue . we have no water to drink . help us
where can i find a tent and food ?
please remember us , we are on a little land in santo , 20b , chekina alley , behind the philanthropy school . they gave food really close but they did n't reach us . in total we are 22 people .
please help us . we are dying of hunger . a lot of houses have been destroyed . we are not doing well
i want help because i have cold
i would like to have some informations from the governmento about the school openning . when the school will be open ?
here in ti goave we do not agree with the way the american are distributing the food . they treat us like dogs , throwing the food on the floor because we are miserable ..
we need help in food because our house is crush , and we do n't have anyone to take care of us .
we are in la gonave they gave help but by anse a galet the people did not find anything to eat , we ask the authorities to be concern about it
and those folks who are not in the city do n't have enough food i do n't have enough .
people on la gonave are dying from hunger . they need help from ngos .
we , the inhabitants of the zone of bel - air , especially docteur aubry street between macajoux street and the rue ( street ) of cesars are in a pitiful state . we have ( truncated ) . .. please will someone with a better handle on pap geography check this . i am not sure my coords are right .
voice of america . please pass the message along for us . we live in gressier , 24th section ( ti boukan ) . we are dying of hunger . what we had is finished . please pass the message along for us .
i am a victim . i have a head wound . i am not comfortable at all . how can i find help with this sickness ..
we do n't have tents and foods on the road ' ' bassin general ( dyewon ) ''
good evening digicel . i have my neighbour who has a broken leg . he did not find any help so far . what can you do for him as a company that is helping earthquake victims in haiti ?
there is no water to be served at st peter place .
good evening , we are from the survival comitte delma 33 , jack premye , ri sengor ( in citron on the football field ) we need food . rice , peas and corn flour
hello . i 'm ok but hungry . help me please .
the comity of koupo , want to find sanitary help like   latrines a cause they do n't find help yet in this section.our address is # , koupo ..
the people really need food . what should they do . .. .. incomplet
they sleep in vast open spaces , they are drinking filthy water from an unreliable water source , i am worried a lot since i do n't know what to do . please , find a way for me to continue . ..
we are waiting on information on food . we are dying of hunger , what can we do to find food because things are getting worse for the rest of the people
there is doctor for plague , where i 'll find it ? thank you .
we salute you in jesus'name . we have problems because in our area there are people who have heart problems , high blood pressure , asthma . we do n't have tents , we do n't have drinkable water . there are people who are hypo and hyper glycemic ? . ..
also water , spend help for us . urgent !
good morning , thank you for all your advices . i do not not have time and i do not have food . i even sleep in the street . what i need to do ?
try to make available a group of psychologists throughout the 10 departments of the country so that they can help the survivors who have pathologies .
i 'm a volunteer and a victim that lived in carrefour , but now i 've found a good neighbor who let me stay at his house in cap haitien , i do n't have any remaining relatives
i am hungry , i do n't have food to eat , i do n't have house i do n't have clothes i count on you thank you so much
let 's do it together , need food in delma 75 , in didine area
we need medical held in tomazo(hatte cadette )
help in house constract- ion bobies r suf ering namonia and other deseases
we are hungry , where we are they never sent anything , please come see us on the jacmel road .
where i am i ca n't leave , there 's no internet all houses are destroyed , we ca nt save any paper because the house is flat , we 're suffering where we are in aprimature
we 've found some fifty houses which suffered mamages with 6 totally down a not enough food to feed people who came did not give us and not enough tools and seeds to plant , thanks a lot
there is one thing pam / world food program has not reach where we lived yet . we are located at maurice bonefil , toute cit militaire . thank you and we are waiting .
i have left port - au - prince since january 14th and it 's hunger that 's killing us . we have no clothes to wear , a little cup of rice is 35 , we ca n't support / take the first section
we 're asking to the ngos , so we need shelters and food . ok b.e.n
in gonaives there is a lot of damaged property but noone is helping .
.. . you can send me somewhere to have a better life . .. with the conviction . .. msg lost
we are hungra please help us now otherwise we die
we are the group women in democracy . leogane has totally collapsed . we need help urgently .
hi ! i feel that i 'm in bad moment i 'm suffering so much with a ache then i do n't have access to go the hospital please help me !
we are in sarte , dead end philadelphia . we have nothing left and we have no food .
please bo gravel vob ta a 41 we are hungry . need food .
we needs mobil toilet , leogane way : gressier face to face of agoman . acireh : action citizen for the renovation of haiti .
we need tent , shelter , food of un(united nations ) we living in the arealapote carrefour . wedo not find any otority for speak with us.we are sleeping out door .
people from grand goave would like to ask the authorities if they are not human being like the rest of the peple on the island . they had no help since january 12
sultan kot need food assistance
taluka kn shah , district dadu is heavily affected by the flood
eh ! there is some distribution of food in the city . we call aid ! ! !
people in fontamara are starving . please let the people distributing the aid know about this situation .
if they would give food in the homes it would be better
i am in thomassin number 32 , in the area named pyron . i would like to have some water . thank god we are fine , but we desperately need water . thanks
good morning . i have a problem . since the earthquaque i feel that my spirit is disturbed and then whatever i have in my hands i deposit it in place after i am looking for it i ca n't find it , sometimes the thing can be in my poket , it also can be in my hands but i do n't remind that . what ?
hi , i am from pap , now i am in montrouis , is there rice for this area please
good morning , to everyone that is listening in miami and other countries helping . i have my wife and five kids that will starve to death in haiti if they do not get help . please help them ! god will bless you !
i 'm a victime i have problem i need you to help me about food and others
at croix des bouquets we do n't have any water aquatabs ( water purification tablets ) .
good evening . please send that message for me in order bring a little bit of food for us in carrefour . nobody has visited us so far , please .
where can i find a hospital in delmas ?
do n't forget us . we are the people of piron . we are really in need because we 're praying for the longest time . i 'm losing hope of eating later . i hope you understand ins about saving some p ..
we must go now because my father talk a lot , i said him i am going to find water.we must to go find the water too . send me a response . i will put my blue skirt ' ' jean '' who got the color creme
we have no money , we are hungry in fermathe 59
i 'm hungry , i do n't have food to eat , i do n't have home , clothes , i count on your supports and help , thank you so much .
we need water at dampus . please help .
i have asthma , i ca n't find a pump or a pill called asthma vit . i have no tent to sleep . can you help me please .
we are victims at ave christophe , imp lavisse . we have nt received any help . we need your help . thank you .
kot addu medicines are most crucial requirement than food .
i would like to have more information about the temporary asylum senegal is giving to the haitians in difficulties ?
for the food help me to have a bag of rice , bean , oil etc .. so i can go an cook food to eat
get this message through - there are people in fort jacques on route kalbas who do n't have a place to live and who do n't have any food . what can we do in this case ?
we have water but we need food . please in masson leogane .
delmas 41 across from teleco need help , food
my friend i have heard nothing again . i have a lot of problems . what u give i 'll take i am in jeremi , i want u to help me
we are in mapou dampus leogane , claudel desir field , we are hungry and we go no help in leogane
please circulate this message to the authorities for me . please send food for the victims who sought refuge in st. mark .
i live in nazon . what can we do to get your assistance with tents and food .
in our village kachipul , floods have destroyed our house , crops and our daily income.gov.t has not done anything yet . location : vilage kachipul distt : kambr shadadkot .plz visit your city kachipul
say , united nations to make find a little food too thanks .
thank you , for all your advises , but do n't forget that all of us are in shartage of food in this country , because all the country is affected .
if , there is not water in a camp to serve by a person , what can we do for find it?how a person can get a job in ong and where he can go ? thank you !
i have many problems . i have nothing to eat . please , please put some money on my card so i can call someone . please , thanks in advance .
after the earthquake .. i am falling into darkness
please we need help , please send food for us we live on route freres
zone in hunger their killing us in zone , we ca n't . ..
i 'm greeting the organizations what i need is : food , tent , thanks for your understanding .
.. . is disembarking in a place , dame marie received more than 5000 people already . everything has gone up , a little bag of rice is 210 , gallon of oil
when can the population in the metropolitain zone hope to have a little electricity from the edh ?
we need a tent , food , a tarp .
help digi , we are so hungry in jacmel , not everybody fond food to eat , send me a card please
i have 2 people who are alive under some rubble . i do not know what to do . we live in carrefour across the street from the local reeducation centre
we need tents , food   electricity . we do n't have anything at all .
i 'd like to find help and food .
bring food for all the refugees in the city of gonaives
i do not understand only you known as because i am hunger . cease lying me because i am really hunger .
in our village kachipul , flood has caused lot of damage to the crop , our houses and jobs . everything is finished but the government has still not helped us . location : village kachipul district : kambr shahdadkot
i 'm dying of hunger do something for haiti . please .
i am in petion - ville . i would like to know how to find food .
unique hospital centre is affording too much people already ! !
we have water problem where and how can we get water
in my area in carrefour feuille , ave magloire ambroise , we did not find any help yet . please let people know .
where can i find a card for food because i have nothing to eat .
the distribution is not well planned in some communes ( sections ) . they give the aid to their acquaintances . there are places ( houses ) with 10 people , all receive tents , box of food and tarpaulins ( canvas ) . in gressier , the victims ..
we need electricity in leogane , because if there 's it we take our pleasure . please think for us .
i am out of strengh . i am very hungry . where can i find something to eat please ?
food distribution on route frere is not organized .
we need food , we are under delmas 3 , we are dying from hunger , we need help , please send us food
food and money needed , we are starving
we are inhabitants of 4th avenue in bolosse . we have n't received anything . they abandoned us . even water we did n't receive . we need tents .
and if i had another problem in my eyes , me i have a problem in my eyes . how do have been able to help me ?
the message said we wanted to know how many doctors are in je pwela tent because they are outside .
i am very hungry . i am not working . the last time i ate was on monday . please help me because i ca n't take it . you can call me . thanks in advance .
help us at delmas 65 orchidee street , we are thirsty . thanks
can people enter their houses ? when will we have electricity ?
we are in lespinas , around fort jacques area ( fermathe , upper petion - ville ) . our house was destroyed with everything wi own . please we need food , thank you .
we do n't have mosquito nets for the children and they did n't bring us any .
i have many family members who were victims of the earthquake in pap on jan. 12 . we need food at st. marc , chemin 9 .
i listen to the radio everyday . i already have all that information . what is more important is to get food and clothes . thank you for your understanding
i greet oyu for all the good work you 're doing . we are sleeping in the wet dew every day . we can not eat . please , please , those in charge , help us . we are at rue chez cator # 1 .
we are hungry call me to give you my address
.. . everything . until now we have n't received any aid . we 've lost a sister who left a 9 months baby with a 12 year - old . we urgently need aid : food , water , etc . in that / this . ..
i am on the site of p salezyen ( salesian fathers ) in carrefour , the area of to . we still have never received any food . is it that our turn still has not come ? thanks .
everyone can find food i must buy my cards ? it 's not fair , those cards distributors are selling the card , call me i will indicate who did it
how we can help my camp ? we need mobil clinical , because we have pregnant women with child who need care .
try to buy some food for us and then the food donation will seld in a good way for the poor as you are the responsable help us please .
they have not given us food in the area around my house near marotiere 77 . where can i go to get food ?
asking for water , food and tents
i do n't know how to avoid an epidemic that could develop in the coming days
thanks very much but i have n't been able to find any potable water , i have no money to buy any , i hope you understand
i have a lot of problems and i do not have any food to eat . can you please give out food in carrefour .
i am in need of a shelter ( tent ) for my baby . she has a cold . thanks for helping me
what information that it has some concerning the waters that one drinks . we are has the plain zones small ginen one does n't have found nothing of the all.beceause that one does n't have anybody .
do everything you can for us , we are on a patch of land without food or shelter . please
hello red cross . we need your humanitarian aid right now . thank you .
it was great to have people vaccinated at silvio cator ctr but it is very smelly there it need to be desinfected .
my house crumbled over myself and a 2 month old baby - he 's still alive , but i think he 's hurt and needs medical attention
university of saint gerard in carrefour feuilles there are people under the rubles that are still alive .
us from gros morne , artibonite , we need medical assistance , because they never send us anything . send doctors to us
i 'm hungry , that is why i am sending this message . ( no location provided )
i do n't have anything to purify my water ( aquatab or jif ? ) , i am in grande anse in abricot . if you could do that for me ( get me water purification tablets ) god would bless you . thanks in advance
la gonave need help work and medications
need to know if there 's no other foreing hospital to help wounded , than the on in republican republic ,
we r dying of hunger in fontamara 29 , we do n't have any homes
the education civic professional of haiti center needs help of united nations in differend domains to take care of children , young , pregnant and handicap person in camp refuge that ..
please i 'm tirsty water in delmas 3
hello we ca n't do this again . our community is dying of hunger we need . ..
we need help at hospital gonaive . see below
i do n't have a tent , there are so much moutisquo . i am contaminate by the moustiquo . if , i do n't find a solution , i go to have malaria . please help me and i congratulate you .
this person wants to know if only the people with card can get food ?
in jacmel we never had anything from the pam food distribution
we do not find anything since 12 january if you do n't bring us food we will die . we are on mon repos 48 in carrefour .
we have no home , we are hungry , we have nothing please help
good day . i am a victim . i have never found anything . where are you giving out the cards for food ?
sorry i got nothing to hear no power no radio only my cellphone please write me or call me i need your help
good morning . we live on place de la paix . we did not get any food .
i do n't found food and i need a job . i live kalbas near fort jacques .
i want to have food each day . i live in matissan around eternal city ( carrefour )
now i'm saying that in the united state they are organized themselves but when they are here they treat us like nothing this the reason why they treat us like dog in other to get some foods
is still there help in food for the poor
please , can we still be counted as victims of the drama that occured ? i am tired of sending messages to tell you that in la gonave , we can no longer survive because famin ( empty stomach ) is overwhelming . .. urgent to respond
i am living really badly . i ca n't eat , i have no place to live , that is why i am writing you , what can you do for me please , can you at least help me find a job
i am not sick , thanks god but , we people in impasse filadelfya , are dying of hunger .
we are asking you for help , we have no food , no tents
i want to know the true answer . do you deal with emergency medicine , temporary shelter and other help ( aid ) ? i 'm waiting for your answers .
we have to live , please send this message . where is the government . it 's been 22 days since the disaster and we never found any help . i got a surgery and my wife is pregnant .
we do n't have that problem , ours is a water problem , see how you can help , our address is the church of god evangelic mission , we are about 200 who await help ( egliz de dieu misyon evangelik )
i m a victim who lost everything . i m in haitel 's courtyard in bois verna with a lot of people . we need water
you know what to do . i am sleeping in place canape vert , outside . i ca n't find a tent where to sleep . i do n't have food and money .
we need some help at croix - des - bouquet . some reffuges have never find any food .
we need passport . how can we proceed
what we must do in petite - riviere to treat water to drink ?
mbe . we are almost without water to drink . please stop by on rue saintilus ( saintilus street ) ok
since the event , lamentin 54 rue aurelle . we have been asking for help no one has helped us . women , men , and children are hungry . thank you
a lot of people are saying that the earthquake will finish on february 12 is it thrue
this did not just happen in port au prince it 's up in pot de paix too .
the information we have to know about : cyclone , health , education
there was an earthquake which passed in the north of haiti , it was 1842.le balance sheet was unknown .
i am a victim . i have not received any humanitarian aid . thank you .
why the peoples of my house ca n't to take part in the food distribution ?
where can people from st. marc find food ? we 're hungry .
transmit this message for us please , we need electricity in the area of warf jeremie . thank you
i would like to ask everyone who has hope , who are still alive today , to not eat alone .
we need a food they are living in the matisan , please help me .
i would like to know all the information about the past earthquakes
i have got no mosquito net , i want one .
i am in ile la vache . we have food problems because the number of people on the island has increased
if i need food and tent for one hundred and fifty ( 150 ) families who are victims , what ong can i ask ?
where can people go to get the pam card . the people in my neighborhood are getting sick from sleeping outside . some have a cold and fever .
we never ate . send us some rice so that we do n't die of hunger .
i regreat the people who living at taba street sol solon do n't have shelter .
we live on impasse fafan , by the rail road in carrefour . we never got anything like food and tents . our shelter houses 200 people .
i need to know if they need haitian nurses in this vaccination campaign please
do not make me die of hungry please .
wich quantity clorox must we put in the water .
i greet everyone in the utited states i thank you because i saw adra bring something for like 250 persons . we find , soap , tooth and towel .
we can get some electricity in the edh area
please , we need tents and water . we are in silo , thank you !
it seems province people do n't need any food , nobody send to them .
good morning we are laboul number 16 , we have n't anything lost , but we need food
i am injured , i 'm in the hospital right now
today 's earthquake occurred , in remen people out there who lost homes are sleeping in their seren and suffer hunger with many thanks , reply .
where can i find the public health aquatable distribution just to distribute some in my camp that i manage .
i 'm hungry . i need food . i 'm in gonaives .
i need to know where they are giving the food pass .
we want people to know that people that were in port au prince that came to cap - haitian have no food to eat . ( cap - haitien is in the north , 250 km from port au prince )
hello , can you bring water for us in christ the king and around acacia street ? thank you in advance .
to how much the seism occurs at jeremie ?
it 's advised to airdrop food kits to rural houses and the slums . the silent are also hungry .
we are not sick , but we are hungry , we need help , they never send helps for us , we do n't have shelter to sleep , do your best please .
last night in the zone latrable , it rain , add us to wet by what we do n't even have water has drink however for the tempts . i do n't know what to do
we are in the north - west department , right in mole st - nicolas in karenaj ( ? ) we need emergency aid
i am no longer under the decombres
where can i get cards for food ?
we need tents and food in the guedon zone of crois - des - bouquets
we are dying of hunger please there is nothing to eat . please help
need some help please we ar at carrefour pernier please verify location . ..
it s not normal , you take haitians for dogs ? when you drop the food from the helicopter ? really , we deserve more respect thanks for your efforts
in our village kachipur flood has done great damage . our crops , homes and business all have been destroyed . but the government has not helped us till now . location is village kachipul district kambarshada
i am a victim of the january 12th earthquake .
hello , please i would like you to help me with my phone card so i can call my uncle in the united states because the hunger is killing me . please . i have 100 gourdes ( currency ) .
i need help . i 'm short of breath ...
hello my god hunger will be the end of us . what is happening ?
do united nation will continue with the food distribution in lascahobas .
to the united nations : please , in st marc , we do nt have food , think about us a lil bit
need food and mobile bathroom . this is urgent thanks
if i do nt find food what am i suppose to do to give my baby breast milk
please , where can i find a card for food . i am hungry too . also , if i could find a small job , please .
a lot of wounded people from port - au - prince , miragoane , petit goave and leogane came to les cayes . so , come help les cayes .
there are some victims at my house , we have eaten all we have .
how come you never came . it 's us that . .. food , you are letting us die of hunger .
in bainet , the people need medication because there are diarrhea and vomiting outbreaks in the community-
we have no water what can you do for us
we are at rue st. martin inside a communial assylum . we do n't have food to eat . please help us .
where can we find water ? we are at delmas 30 in the water treatment plant named eacra
we have peaches garden which consist of 500 trees and all of them were flow away by flood , there were also a big embankment around our garden which not only save of garden but also our village , now the embnkment has completly dimalished , the river has now
hi , i am living in delmas 2 , most of the people there lost evrything , we need help and food please .
we have a lot of problems . we can not sleep or eat . they have not brought any help for us . we want to go to the united states toour family to help us . help us please
we need carpets and drinking water . favaj
there are some people that i know in central port - au - prince on whom blocks fell who have n't been cared for at all .
i am a journalist . i have a cold . who said the earthquake was a magnitude of 8 ? is this true ? can i share this message with the world on the radio ?
i have n't found anything to eat please help me
la gonave residents have many difficulties about food . it 's harder in first section palma . listen to their voice suffuring , please .
good evening , this is the commune of thomazeau , the first section of trou caiman . things are not good at all . a little can of rice is 50 , see what you can do for us . au revoir
goodnight people who live in santo 25 need tents and food please
we have not received food in santo , croix des bouquets . thanks .
i am in the mountains in lavout there is no water to drink please help
can you please tell us at which number we can find the radio ? do they speak creole ? thank you . because we understand the people of ti boucan , we ca n't handle the hunger any longer . it is killing us .
we have 8 days without food carfour debwos in the yard of the acra no has gotten to us please help we ask that someone gets to us ..
hello just wondering how much food is being delivered
mariani 1 prolong has not received even a drop of water
i need of the food please ! please ! ong
i want the fao 's address in port- au - prince . i need help in order to get some vegetables and cereal grains .
they 're hungry , they need something to eat
i 'm on the road with family and children . i do n't have a home i sleeping near the adventist hospital diquini in carefour my house is destroyed please help me .
we are four different families staying at one small place . we have two wounded .
just say un for us , we are doing everything we know to be protect our health and un what they are going to do for the people in lilavois 5 in the cyclon season 's for us .
we have no water , and we have no shelter to sleep especially when it 's raining . thank you
neither i have got any ration nor tent till date , now winter is also approaching . what should i do ?
i am disaster - stricken in port - au - prince i ( do n't ? -trans . ) know what i 'm going to do to live . help me , digicel which is my company
we 're in grand savanne and we have food problems
required 20ltrs canes mineral water for slrc relief camp
i thank you for helping .. we have rice but we have not received a bit of oil or peas ( beans ) .
a smell within debc jman . they need lots and lots of medications there .
i want to work i need food whatever that i find and both will good thanks
port - au - prince we were n't able to save anything , we need help
please does is it a place of which we can find vaccin for the adult thanks
in jacmel it 's not working at all , because people are dying of hunger .
we are in leogane . we need food and care . we are really in needs .
we are in croix de bouquet - many of us have no food to eat please send help
who is next to us that could receive a pregnant woman needing medical help ?
almost everyone in carrefour is hungry . people in repo 32 and 50 , lamantin 52 and 54 .
i would like to know where they are handing out food distribution cards tomorrow , please .
my house has collapsed because of flood . i am unable to make it again . i am in grave difficulty . my three little daughters and rest of my home members ...
i am not from the province . i am from the capital , if you are going to help please hurry because i am dying of hunger . i count on you .
please see what you can do for us . every day we are fighting to find some food .
i am in carefour feuilles , dkayet neighborhood . we need potable water because diarrhea is rampant here and is undermining our health .
please i was hurt in the quake . i ca n't get my card , please give me a call .
i have problems , need food in plaisance , nord .
pleas can you help me find a card so that i can get food .
.. . earthquake . i 'm feeling traumatized . please help me .
area jam gulab pahore area ghulam haidar pahore 's almost 50 houses have been damaged due to the recent flood . din't receive housing compensation . c.m. of punjab has given only one bedsheet per family and nothing else has been given . due to cool weather children have been suffering from diseases .
could you give help by giving some portable toilet that would really help because our house and toilet is crushed
the desperate requirement of drinking water is @ dam dam bund   surjani bund , sajawal . the people sitting at these water bunds are absolutely shelterless .
we 're near le lambi in grande saline and untill now we have nt found any help yet . we 're hungry
where can people go to get the card for food ?
i am in fotamara near the elim church . we do not have food to eat . please help us .
i am in misery my house is brocken , i found nothing to eat , please help me
please , i need for you all to think about us because we need food as soon as possible , please . delma 31 rue jacques . yesterday , a truck went by . you 're an angel .
since after this earthquake i was feelingfaint , i ca n't to eat , i ca n't to sleep in my hourse at port - au - prince .
i am a victim and i live in bon repos . where i am sleeping my wife and a small child . i do n't have food to give them . please directors see what you can do for me .
in decayette we found baby wipes , thanks a lot . but we did not find any rice , sos
we are in leogane in the part at point of the river , at this moment we ca n't get anything . . not even a little water we can ' find . .. the water get dirty after every aftershock .
please , help . my family and i need your help for food and tant
i am a medical student . i 'd like to get a job helping the sick .
if i need somme water , what 's can i do to find it ?
please i want to know if people who lived at port - au - prince , if their houses were destroyed how they will continue to possess the rest of the school year .
we do nt have food distribution here , we die hungry since 12 days we do nt eat hurry up
how will the food distribution take place ?
please help me : i do n't have food , i do n't have any money to do anything . when are you gon na come see me ? please answer me .
the health of the odging marassa 7 , has never found any help , just water
we need help , we need water we are located at mapou prolong village la paix ( croix de missions ) port au prince
i'm a victim and i'm sick . i don't have tent to sleep and i'm on the street with a cough.what could you do in my case .
my friends are hungry and cold in miragoan . we ca nt take it anymore
in evaillant street ( haiti)there 's not electricity and we can not sleep because of animals that bother us .
i salute your staff , but i need help because i ca n't find food . i sent a message before but i did n't get a response . find a way to respond , children of the good lord .
food required at karora , dist shangla
a cold front is over cuba this morning . it could cross haiti tomorrow . isolated storms are already forecast for our region tonight .
good morning unted nations today is five days since that we have a visit in the site baylod wonder that the foreign ones bear ourselves need ourselves the desefectants for the toillettes please it 's a brother church is name joseph labon
we need sheltery we 're in the street , sleeping outside . please .
need medicine and many tents . at telandieu and leonord . thank you in advance .
health alert : msf is giving care in matisan 25 to all victims of sexual violence
notes : what a jerk , all haitians dont have anything to eat , and ' ' he '' ordering 3 days without food like support for those without food ? http://welcome.topuertorico.org/government.shtml
where are they distributing food at this moment ?
please make a transfer of 25 gourds for me to call the town hall now to make a report in crois - des - bouquet . thanks in advance . god will refund it .
hey , hello my brothers . please tell the people in charge of aid in haiti to send food for rural people . 9th and 10th palm , commune of petit goave
we are hungry , we are in the streets . we were robbed we are currently in vivi mitchell , route freres
do n't send me anymore sms text . ok . these sms are useless to me . what i need is food to eat . ok .
tell us , people silo near kamep do n't have water .
i have a 4 year old child who is sick , can you help me get a tarp please
give me more informations on malaria
how come red cross does n't provide people with nutrition that could make increse blood in our body . i beleive it is impossible to donate blood because everyone has their own problems , because they are weak .
the people of monseigneur giyou between slelak street are dying of hunger . tn monseigneur giyou is a residential neighborhood near the st therese school in downtown
tell the united nations that i have never found any help . i do n't have the strength to move the debris because i am starving .
we do nt have anything to eat we are in st marie community in canape vert
we have problems , i do nt have a mother or father , my house is destroyed . i do n't have anyone , some neighbors have given a little food , i have nothing
what can i do when the food is finished right in front of me , what can i do with the card ?
we are living in fafan zone alley ray in kafou we never find something like family tent , food we are 200 person in the shelter .
i do n't find anything to eat , i almost die please help me .
the medicine should be distributed in all the departments ( counties ) because the hospital ( s ) . ..
hello , we 're on foot and we have nothing to eat .
we are in jean rabel , we have nothing to eat . please come to us because we were in port - au - prince , we lost everything
i need to go to find my family in usa . i have no house , no clothes , no money and no food come to my zone . please help me
we 're in kenscoff . we 're victims . we need help .
good morning , we need some water at village to repatriate center of patmos .
i live in la plaine , my wife is pregnant , she got injured by falling blocks . she can not walk . we have not found anyone to help us . we are in the area called moya
they are asking for electricity to be available 24 hours a day , the electric company edh has n't provided any electricity .
i am sick , i have fiever , please send me a tent , my house is in metal plates , not so good come to help me
i 'm a survivor , i have not had anything to eat , because when you are distributing food , you do n't get to those who leaves in the mountains .
they dont get help and doctors
were about to starving , digecel save us from the misery even card we canut put what about food we d find were living in bwa kara 2 inside of silo thank u
good morning everybody , i see that you have me forgets because i have much hunger i was had gonaive .
send the red cross - there is a little kid who fell into the toilet of the pea house in cite militaire
please let me know where pregnant women can get help . please . help .
village sehta sench union council channa taluka sehwan district jamshoro , 2 months have passed since flood water came in our village , no any aid has come to us except few un helicopters that had thrown wheat flour and biscuits during the very begining a
i am a doctor . i can help the peopl but i need supplies can you help
why do n't you forget me , i do n't have any where to sleep , i want to died hungry , i see it 's only one a parte who find the help , now i want you help me please . i 'm waiting your answer .
i would like to know where they are giving out coupons for food distribution .
i heard that american came to help us , however we are dying with hunger , only thing we saw is a bunch of american soldiers . it is not that kind of help we are requesting .
i need some information , concerning earthquake
.. . between them an 8 year old adolescent with a broken leg .
my friends we 're here in miragoane , we need help , we 're in the street , cold and hungry .
is it normal to have so many aftershocks after the earthquake ? i feel like i am having a heart attack
i would like you to send food in the leogane belok area
we are not dead thanks to the lord . we need food . we are in delmas 87 . we are suffering of hunger .
where we can find a psychologist ? emergency ?
when are they bringing food for us , etc .
information is indeed great but what s most important is the aide so we can live . i have a baby and i have no money to buy milk .
redcross we live torcel , tabar 70 impasse des laurierset tulipes numer 8,we are 22 in the place , we have nothing to eat we need food help help
i 'd like to have the address of the fao in port au prince , because i can help with legume seeds and contracts for cereals .
we are dying of hunger in anse   veau
i am afraid of the earthquake he passed this morning at 1hour . i 'm exhausted
i am at delmas 40 . we have nothing to eat . location approximate . .. could not find delmas 40 on map . locate gps point midway between delmas 32 and delmas 48 sebastien cournoyer
i am alone , and i have my family overseas , but i can not eat . i can not call them because i do not have a calling card to call them .
need food and shelter for 4 people
my goodness everybody getting food . carrefour is not getting anything . please send us something .
we did not receive either food or tents !
leogane , 9th section we need food
where is food being distributed today ? i am a disaster victim in sovona ?
many people are suffering from syphilis in our area , but the health expects - ( doctors ) are only interesting with aids people .
we are waiting for distribution of food in the nazon area because we are suffering very much . please pass this message along .
i 'm very close to port - au - prince at tabarre , routes freres i need to get to the hospital in urgency .
i am not sick thanks god . however i am in dire need of food in order to survive
in our village kachipul is effected by flood and we lost our home and almost everyone is lacked with food accomodation but government did not helped yet . location : .. : vilage kachipul distt : kambr shadadkot plz visit u city kachipul
i would like some info . on the earhtquake .
we dont have food at all , we need help thanks digiciel
we need tent , cover , rice . uneted nation never help us since the earthquake , we live in carre - four , lapot street , we want to know if we are not victims , cause we never recieved any visit from the leaders to let us know what is about .
i am in croix - des - bouquets . we have health issues . they ( workers ) are in santo 15 . ( an area in croix - des - bouquets )
they closed the bathroom and shower at the tnh , so we can no longer do our physical needs . .. . there is some children that poop on themselve because . .. note : message cutoff , need to look at other . .. . sebastien cournoyer
my house has collapsed , i have three kids and no food , i do n't know what . .. ...
we need food in terre noire , please . food , not just rice . we are starving .
hello , will you please help me with a tent because it 's raining ..
what do we do to avoid an epidemic ?
i have no food . i 'm dying of hunger .
we have n't found / recieved any food in delmas 33 , the adoken district
when a mother feels dizzy and has head injuries after the earthquake , can she still breastfeed her baby ?
there is a man who need therapy . where can he go ? what can we do in this situation ?
good evening , do a good investigation on the authorities and other haitians bringing food for the people because they passed through mirabalais to go and stock food in l'artibonite . i would hope you ..
we need drinking water and tents for babies in laval , carrefour
where can we find medicine , tents , medical care for free ?
i am asthmatic ca n't i take injection , what i have to do or what i suppose to take in the place of i wait your answer .
digicel ! do not let me die of hunger and the name of god will bless you . svp !
i would like to know where could i find a birth certificate if they start to give .
thaks a lot for the message 11 days after . .. . like this message by sms i received but did not receive a glass of water for life .
we are in fontamara on louis st the route 1 and 2 we have not receive anything , we need water . thank you we are waiting on you
i burnt the trash . the only thing is that i need some food to eat .
c.s.j.i.f need to eat in ruelle silvya tou give to eat to the folk who is suffering of hunger
sir or madam , i 'm hungry , i can not stand because i 'm very hungry , if you could share the food , it would benefit the population , thanks
hello i am a student of l'ecole sorbonne , the school has colapsed and i 'm wounded , my home is also destroyed and we have n't found anything salvageable . we need help , please send help .
please come help us . we are in section 24 in gressier . the whole community is hungry .
he is in gros morne all the wounded are there but they do not have health care . i am asking you to come and help them for me please . he did n't precise the number of wounded people .
still in the area fort jack , route kalbas . we have yet to find food along with the fact that there are people who need tents / place to stay because their houses fell . give them a card
he is resting but hurting a lot
people in n avenue said they did n't still find foods . so did they over ?
.. . elp . they need your help asap . so you should think about giving them lodging , food , clothes , . ..
the united nation do n't do nothing in haiti
how food aid would work out this week ?
people in grand goave , especially n foch . we are hungry and we are sleeping in the street . please help
we need help and food . i 'm in mais gate 8 prolonged . please do this quick for us
. ..   right now , i left the city , becuase people are hungry in porpt au prince , . my mom and my dad which always look up for me . ..
we are in thomazo and we need food specialy in la hatte
not everybody got help , in riviere froide in carrefour we did not get anything at all , people are dying of hunger .
notes : is that a joke ? they ask if they must stay without food???for what ? is it another stupid idea of preval ' ' again '' ?
good evening to the reader of this message . i would like to know where there is food distribution because we are at christ roi street , at the intersection / entry of nazon . no one here has tents , food .
aroun route terre shada we have a lot of problems . there are more thn 300 people with no food , we do not have a place to sleep . no help has come yet .
i 'm dying . going without food 3 days .
we are the people of gran gwav , we are asking for all authorities for alimentary aid ( food ) we invite them so that they can do a census because everyone is a victim .
in tomgato there is no food no water
a lot of victims arrive at the hospital erez marchand dessalines . there 's a lot of doctor volunteers in place
iwould like to say thanks , once again thank you for your message .
hunger is killing us in clercine . please help us . address is clercine 22 , impasse aime . everyone one at the impasse need aid .
we need water to drink . please tell us our to pray because almost not believe in god and our prayer never arrived to god .
what we want is food . we have n't received any . we are in leogane , laferone . if we do n't receive aid we will die . are homes are destroyed and we have nothing .
we need food distributions in larat kadet ( tomazo )
please pass this message with the ong that place to give help in the style of casea we requiere help in area of canapevert exactly for the cleanning of the toilets , and we requier also to place more toilets with the quantity of persons that need to use for urine daily .
we do n't have any food they did n't send any to us in cabaret labodri
my friends , after god , it is on you that i count . please hear me , there are 3 children with me and a niece . it could be a little food or a little money . what god puts in your heart .
i count on your help and i beg you not to deceive me , my family and i have need for tents , food . help me please !
there 's a group of people who are in the catholic church in sarthe , they need ( food ? ) ..
i would like to know if the relief workers will stay only in port - au - prince . will they come to the province as well because many are hurt here .
4636 : ong says that if you have a mosquito , use it while you vomit . it 's so important , it can help you to diminish risk to catch malaria .
dinepa is it stop the water distribution at solino ?
if i would like to take care which hospital can i go
